Accuracies on full D1 Dataset :
1vr : 73.8%
1v1 : 81.3%

Accuracies on full D2 Dataset :
1vr : 98.5%
1v1 : 81.3%


Task 2.1 :
I did not make any change to the printing routine and so, in every iteration 20
observations are being made.
From the graph obtained, we can make the following conclusions :
	a.  The training set accuracy is higher than test set accuracy.
		This is expected since we are training on that set and so, our model
		will naturally fit the training set better.
	b. 	After some examples are seen, the accuracies fluctuate at one fixed value.
		The non variance is because, since all points of a class are clustered
		around a single point, training the perceptron for one point will also
		make the prediction correct for other points around that point. Also,
		as more and more values are added to the weight vectors, the lower bound
		on the magnitude of the vector increases which is likely to cause the 
		steady increase in magnitude of the weight vector. Therefore, at later
		stages, the effect of adding a small vector to the weight vector will
		result in a much smaller change in the general direction represented
		by the weight vector.
	c. 	The smaller fluctuations are likely to be caused by some of the points
		that lie away from the cluster. As the weights adjust to classify such
		points correctly, they might end up misclassifying other set of points.
		Thus there are small fluctuations seen in the graph.

Task 2.2 :
Observations from the graph :
	a. 	The training set accuracy is higher than test set accuracy.
		This is expected since we are training on that set and so, our model
		will naturally fit the training set better. (Same as in Task 2.1)
	b.	From the graph, we can see that as the size of training dataset increases,
		the training accuracy decreases.
		As the size of training set increases, the model has a more difficult task
		at hand. With a small dataset and fixed number of data points, the model
		can fit (or rather, overfit) the data quite easily. However, with the
		increase in the size of training set it has a more difficult problem, thus
		reducing the training set accuracy.
	c.	From the graph, we can see that as the size of training dataset increases,
		the test set accuracy increases.
		As the size of training set increases, the model is less likely to overfit
		to the training set and is more likely to generalize better to the unseen
		test set data. We can also say that a larger training set will be more
		representative of the test set. Using a larger dataset, the model is less
		likely to fit to minor abberations of the training set and is more likely
		to capture the overall general trends of the dataset.
	d. 	If we interpolate the graph to infinite training set, we will see that the
		training set accuracy and test set accuracy will converge to be equal.
Question to the answer :
	Since there are no training examples the weights will be exactly as we initialized
	them, i.e., vectors of zeros. SO taking a dot product with any of the point will
	give zero. Now, if we arbitrarily assign zero dot product to one of the sides of
	hyperplane, effectively our model will be giving out random outputs. So, for a
	balanced testset, (containing equal points of all classes), the accuracy will be
	equal to 1/k, where k is the number of classes. In our case, we have 10 classes, so
	the expected accuracy will be 1/10 = 0.1 = 10%. 


Task 3.1 (Training on 800 data points and testing on 8000 data points) :
1vr : 71.3%
1v1 : 71.5%

Number of Parameters in :
1vr : d * n
1v1 : d * n(n-1) / 2

Accuracies on full D2 Dataset :
1vr : 98.5%
1v1 : 98.0%

Observations :
We see that if we train both the Perceptrons on full D1 dataset, 1v1 Perceptron gives
much better test set accuracy. However, when we decrease the dataset, the test set
accuracy of both the models is almost similar (1v1 being slightly higher). Also,
the accuracy of 1v1 Perceptron decreases much more on decrease of dataset as
compared to 1vr Perceptron. Also, we see that on D2 dataset, 1vr gives a better test
set accuracy.

Explanations :
1v1 Perceptron has higher number of parameters and is a more "complex" model. This
means that given a large enough dataset, it is more likely to fit it better as 
compared to the relatively simpler 1vr Perceptron model. However, this also implies
that if the dataset is small, the 1v1 Perceptron model is more likely to overfit,
therefore resulting in a steep decrease in testing accuracy.
On D2 dataset, 1vr gives better accuracy. We can conclude that a given model can 
perform better on one dataset, whereas another model can work better on a different
dataset.

Task 4 :

I tried to make several features, accuracies of each of which I have mentioned below.

1. 	Sum of all pixels [1 dimensional]
	Accuracy : 24.5%

